If I'm going to talk about college then I really have to put it into perspective
of a normal nine to five job. That's what I always compared
it to, normal nine to five job, you wake up nine o'clock to do the
same thing, it's lots of work, there's lots of repetition, sometimes
for my jobs until five o'clock and you go home pretty tired. College
on the other hand, it's, number one it's very sporadic. On Mondays
I have one class in the morning. On Tuesdays I have a class in the
morning and then a night class in the evening. On Wednesdays I have
three classes in a row but they're only one hour long and they're
just all over the place and that's the first thing, that the schedule
is different. The second thing is that each of those classes you know
for a fact is going to be different. They're not gonna teach the
same thing that they taught three weeks ago and then two weeks ago
and then this week. You know you're on a different chapter, gonna be
learning different things. If you're in chemistry you're gonna be working
with different beakers. If you're in a robotics class you're
gonna be working with robots this weekend and then the legs next week.
Every single week is very, very different. The third thing is that
it's challenging. So, in my nine to five jobs I'm either flipping
burgers or I'm selling popcorn. Even with the harder jobs, you can be
in a situation that it's very, very similar week to week, and because
it's so similar, it's not very challenging. But with college, depending
on how good you want to do, and of course I say if you wanna
go to college you wanna ramp up your difficulty as much as possible,
then you're gonna be challenged all the time. You're gonna have projects
that you are gonna be working on overnight-you don't have that
in a normal nine to five job. You're gonna be coming in on the weekends
voluntarily-you don't have that with a normal nine to five job.
You're gonna be working with different people and not knowing the
answer and asking around and opening up books. You're actually gonna
be going to the library for a purpose, not just to read Greek mythology.
You don't have that in a nine to five job. So comparatively, I
think those are the main differences, it's more challenging, the time
is different, and there's a lot more room to explore your passion.